doc(volumes) - clarify manual how-to for RWX volume expansion and add… (#942)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/nodes-and-volumes/volumes/expansion.md

#### RWX volume

Currently, Longhorn does not support fully automatic expansion of the filesystem (NFS) for RWX volumes.  However, it can be done in a simple set of steps.  To expand an RWX volume manually, you can do so in one of two ways:

##### Online
1. Expand the block device of the RWX volume via PVC or UI.
2. Find the share manager pod of the RWX volume and execute the filesystem expansion command in it. The share manager pod is typically named as `share-manager-<volume name>`.
    ```shell
    kubectl -n longhorn-system exec -it <the share manager pod> -- resize2fs /dev/longhorn/<volume name>
    ```

##### Offline
1. Detach the RWX volume by scaling the workload down to replicas=0.  Make sure the volume is fully detached before the next step.
2. Expand the block device via PVC or UI as above.
3. Scale the workload back up.  The reattached volume will have the expanded size.

> > **NOTE** This can only be done for volumes with `fsType: ext4`.  If it is attempted with a volume of type `xfs`, it may appear to be successful, but when the workload is next scaled up or reattached, the pods will hang in `ContainerCreating` and the logs will show an error attempting to mount the filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important**: 
> Manual expansion is only possible for volumes with `fsType: ext4`. Attempts to manually expand volumes with `fsType: xfs` may initially appear to be successful, but issues occur when the workload is scaled up and the volume is reattached. In particular, the pods will become stuck in the `ContainerCreating` state, and the logs will show an error message related to attempts to mount the filesystem.
```

#### RWX volume

Longhorn currently does not support fully automatic expansion of the filesystem (NFS) for RWX volumes.  You can expand the filesystem manually using one of the following methods:

##### Online
1. Expand the block device of the RWX volume via PVC or UI.
2. Identify the Share Manager pod of the RWX volume (typically named `share-manager-<volume name>`), and then run the filesystem expansion command in it.
    ```shell
    kubectl -n longhorn-system exec -it <the share manager pod> -- resize2fs /dev/longhorn/<volume name>
    ```

> **Important**:  

> > Online expansion can only be done for volumes with `fsType: ext4`.  If it is attempted with a volume of type `xfs`with `xfs_growfs`, it may appear to be successful, but when the workload is next scaled up or reattached, the pods will hang in `ContainerCreating` and the logs will show an error attempting to mount the filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Online expansion is possible only for `ext4` volumes. Attempts to manually expand `xfs` volumes with `xfs_growfs` may initially appear to be successful, but issues occur when the workload is scaled up and the volume is reattached. In particular, the pods become stuck in the `ContainerCreating` state, and the logs show an error message about attempts to mount the filesystem.
```

> ##### Offline
> 1. Detach the RWX volume by scaling the workload down to `replicas=0`.  
> 2. Make sure the volume is fully detached.  After the scale command returns, check it with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Offline

1. Detach the RWX volume by scaling down the workload to `replicas=0`. Ensure that the volume is fully detached.

1. After the scale command returns, run the following command and verify that the state is `detached`.
```

    ```shell
    kubectl -n longhorn-system get volume <volume-name>
    ```

>     and verify that the state is `detached`.  That may take a little time after the scale-down.
> 3. Expand the block device using either the PVC or Longhorn UI.
> 4. Scale up the workload.  
> The reattached volume will have the expanded size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Expand the block device using either the PVC or the Longhorn UI.

1. Scale up the workload.

The reattached volume will have the expanded size.
```
